So let's go back to my thesis here and let's continue with the rules.
Right now we're finished with the modern science and now we have them working but now we're interested
here in the matter.
However before we work with the banner we actually need to work with the letter.
Right.
Because like I was telling you that Heather is going to be our flex box container.
And now I know we're here and the band are going to be the children.
So I'm going to go back to mention SS and we're here let's just create this is going to be a comment
right.
This is going to be the actual had once we have the actual header.
I'm going to say Hetter here.
And what would be the rules.
Well I'm going to say mean height and all we're here we're going to say hundred viewpoints.
So basically what we're saying is no matter what the minimum cost or here for the header should be on
any screen.
Right.
Hundred yards or so it's always should be spanning all across our view.
All right.
So as much as we can see and then on here we're going to have a background so background you are around.
And this is going to be the image here we're going to say image and all we're here and we're going to
have a better BCG.
So had our background.
So this is going to be our image and over here we can do a few things right.
So let's like let's first write a long version and then I'm going to look at the shorter version.
So here the first thing we can say a background position is going to be Center.
So we're going to see or hear ground position center here I guess we'll have a background and size and
we're going to have a cover some background size rear cover.
Is this pretty much said steam in the center of the background and this makes sure that we always cover
the image.
So no matter what we're going to cover the container where the image needs to be as a background and
then we're going to say we're here and background attachment is going to be fixed for this parallax
effect.
And so here as I'm scrolling can see that there's going to be a parallax effect.
That the image stays fixed.
Oh yeah that's why I have a attachment fixed and then we'll have a background repeat no repeat.
So we're going to have a background repeat and repeat and now once I wrote them just do a little bit
of magic here and I'm going to say that I just want to come and this up.
So I'm going to want one common these guys out here on this and then we're going to write it with the
shortcut right then or here we're going to right center forward slash and cover.
And the point over here is the position needs to be followed by the size right.
And they need to be separated over here by this forward slash.
And after that we can write the next properties how we would want and the values are going to get fixed
and we're going to say no repeat repeat or here.
So we pretty much look at the longhand version and that shouldn't be a shorthand version right now.
Once we're done with this again like I said this is going to be the actually flex box container.
Right.
So what I'm going to say here is there shouldn't be display.
I'm not going to say flex right now I can see both of them side by side.
However not only flex but we're going to say flex direction we're going to say call them.
Right so they're back to normal or here like this.
Then I would want to work with I have.
And I'm going to say we're going to have.
All right.
As a child I'm going to say flex and I don't want it to grow.
I don't want it to shrink.
I just want it to be flex basis to be Arto.
So very much nothing should change or here.
However for the banner.
All right.
Remember this banner over here right.
This was our banner.
What should happen to the banner.
The banner here is going to have a banner.
Right so we're selecting class of banner flex and on here we're going to say we're here like this flex
grow one flex shrink zero and then flex bases or let's add the background so we can see that what's
happening.
Right.
So see what happens right.
If I don't have this flex all right.
You see how the bat is going to look great.
So with this legs grow This is what we get.
Right.
So it grows exactly to the rest of the header.
Right now I have take so much of space that it needs and everything else over here is going to be flex.
Right.
So let's get to that is background.
We don't need it for now and for the actual data we're also going to do a display flex right.
So we're going to see again display flex right.
Not only that as a child becomes apparent and then we're going to say all line items Center.
All right so Line them more here and center and over here just if eye contact we're going to say Center
on here like this.
Right.
So once we have them in a center that's actually work with the banner card here.
So I'm going to say we're here and this is going to be a banner card like this.
And what I'm going to say is that since it is the child and in fact it's the only child we're going
to say over here and this is going to be again flex 0 0 and 90 percent.
So basically what I'm saying you know what they should always be is a flex right.
So what we're saying is we could have ridden just with right but we can use also flex properties because
this is a child of the brain.
All right the parent container flex parent container so we can also set that with the flex bases.
Then after that we're going to have a text on line center right now and the text is in the center.
Then the padding is going to be hundred pixels top bottom and zero on the sides.
Then we're going to do a little outline here and you can see this line over here right.
So it's not a border.
It's going to be a hold line.
So we're going to say hold line and we're going to say this is going to be one pixel solid.
I wanted to say hash tag 1 9 1 9 1 9.
So the black one and we're going to say out line and we're going to say OFF-SIDE.
All right.
When I say negative 10 pixels right.
So what's happening is that you can see that it actually moves and pixels over here like this and then
let's do the background for the whole thing.
So I'm going to say background here and I'm going to say R.G. b.a.
And again we are all going to use the same as for this guy or her right.
Remember for this container 255 to 55 to 55 0.5.
That's right.
So now I can see that we have a white background or then once we have this old style this had a Heading
1.
So I'm going to say that this is going to be a banner card.
And one more here we're going to have a fun size 40 pixels here.
Then we have a color how color is going to be hashed like eight F C and F B F D B F or here D.
And you know what I actually had one more half.
So this now we have this light blue or then once we have this we're going to see a font style hair style
and we're going to saying this is going to be taluk like this.
And then we're going to have little this plan.
All right.
So let's say here and this is going to be banner card span and or hear when we're going to have is a
color so we're just going to change the color and this is going to be hash tag 0 3 2 and then it's going
to be 4 3 4 3 4 here right.
So this is going to be the darker blue the same as our here just for this logo.
And then we're going to have a heading three.
All right.
So we're going to say for the heading three as we're going to say that this is going to be a browner
card here and this and we're going to say heading three and this and then we're going to say letter
spacing would say we're going to have a 10 pixels.
All right and maybe let's do text transform.
We're going to say that this is going to be capitalized like this but we have a letter spacing set then
pixels like let's just do maybe for deciding what to also do a text transform transform and we're going
to say uppercase.
So it's going to look like this.
And once we're done here with this manner now we can go ahead and let's work with this.
Now we're right to make this response.
And so as the screen changes and so does the value or.
Right.
That's right.
So let's go ahead and let's actually do this.